Mr. Shaw, this is a 4-inch gold card
I want to use it to buy the fish on your phone
I do have this honor
Finally, this is Tianlong Barracks Pool Beach
Command the Elephant Million Soldiers
I'm going to wrap it in your fish stall.
Please don't dislike my fish.
Not for sale to you
Ten seconds to get out of my sight
That smile, I'm willing to use my body
Change this fish in your hand
What's so amazing about this empty place?
It actually helped the treasure for Junxiaocheng
Even if it can stop the threat
Can't keep his horror?
Mr. Shaw is armed and wealthy
Mingming palm million fight
Dragon slaying place
Why are you selling fish on the street?
All heard
This was my grandmother's booth.
Who dares to disturb me?
It doesn't matter if you are rich or powerful
There is only one word death
We are invincible and turned into ghosts
Shoot and chase
I'm just an ordinary fishmonger now
Take your useless things and get out of here
My wife will be out soon
If he finds out who I am
You bear the consequences.
Finally, are you really going to guard this fish stall?
Millions of soldiers are waiting for you
The world is set
I am no longer a military hero
You go too
This is what I owe them mother and daughter
For the first half of my life, I protected Great Xia
It's time to protect my wife and daughter for the rest of my life
OK. Mmm.
Are you okay?
No, I have to take you to the hospital quickly
Xiao Chen, don't